# What is this?

It's a MarkLogic based project that demonstrates RDF triple materializing. 
In this example we use a Roberts family ontology that contains a bit more than 3000 triples to infer additional ~60000 using full OWL-Horst rules (and some more) in just around 10 seconds.

This is a proof of concept that shows how MarkLogic can be used in environments where it's necessary to run complex queries using complex rule-sets against complex ontologies.

The original code has been written by [Mario Briana](https://de.linkedin.com/in/mario-briana-5881292)

# What is this, again??

Oh, just forget it and [do something more useful wth your life](http://lifehacker.com/how-sex-and-masturbation-affects-your-workouts-1788422698).

# OK, how do I run/see some results?

Read on.

## Configure local.properties

Makes sure the configuration in deploy/local.properties reflects your setup:

[server-version] should match the version of MarkLogic you use (8 or 9)

[app-port] - make sure you use a port that is not yet used on your MarkLogic server

[local-server] - localhost or a name/address of your virtual image where MarkLogic is running

[user] - don't use "admin"

[admin] - don't use "admin"
 
## Bootstrap MarkLogic database and deploy modules

run

`./ml local bootstrap`

This will create the required database(s) on your MarkLogic server, create a HTTP server to serve requests and do some more magic.
After that, run

`./ml local deploy modules`

This will deploy the fwc.xqy library found in src/lib to the modules database so that it can be used from QConsole (for instance)

## Go to MarkLogic Query Console and load the workspace in content/ws/Triples Materialization Exercize.xml

Read the comments within each of the queries in the provided workspace and execute then in order as they are defined in the workspace.
If there was no error, you should be to run the SPARQL queries i.e. they should all return results.
